hey folks car per car it's been a long
time since I've posted anything on the
vehicles still got the Saturn but it's
pretty much done just some minor
maintenance on the 87 Silverado I
haven't posted anything in quite a while
and but I've done some work to it so
what I'm a touch base with you here is
the rust-oleum roll-on bedliner I
decided to try it in my truck
it's old beater that I've got and this
truck is going to stay basically a work
truck camping truck so I'm not trying to
make it look great or fix it up like a
frame-up restoration but I'm trying to
make it look better than what it is and
make it a limo durable so what I did was
I scuffed up the bed of the truck like
they say and I used one of these like
brillo pad type it's not steel but it's
kind of a plastic but it's our fiber and
it's a it scuffs up the bed I use it all
over the bed and I did the rust-oleum
roll along now what I want to do is well
have the cameraman turn toward the bed
here and I'll describe what I did as we
look at the
turn over here so as you can see it's
got the black rust-oleum
bedliner what I did was I bought the
bedliner one quart at a time so I
actually had two quarts of this stuff
first so they won't buy a gallon my
phone might be too much so I bought a
quart and what I did was scuffed it all
up using clock seal back there where
there's some hole in the bed actually
holds water now if I have a drill that
holds dreams I got to drill a hole on
this side so it'll drain on this side
but other than that the bed's good but
what I did was I used the court I taped
off the top of the bed rails and I used
one quart covered almost all four sides
like the bed it took like a quart and a
half to cover the sides then it took a
whole quart for the bottom and the
reason I did it in the quart capacity
just one quarter at a time was I was
doing this they time off from work stuff
like that evenings when I come home so I
wasn't trying to get the whole thing
done in one shot and I wasn't going to
spray it I wanted to roll it on give it
a thicker coat so I did like the side
rails the back of the truck here or the
front of the bed and then
so I did the sections and so having the
functionality of a court and only using
that court at a time helped me to
control the flow control how much I was
using than wasting it because it dried
out in the can one warning and using
this stuff make sure you're in a
well-ventilated area it stinks something
fierce and even out here in the open
where I did it into my driveway the
fumes were still here in the bed so if
you can do it on a slightly breezy day
that would help to carry some of the
snow away I did it on a warm day here in
the Phoenix area and it was stagnant
there wasn't a lot of air movement so it
didn't help if you look over here at the
bed you can see where this gets only
like a 2 cup layer and it's thin you can
see where it's cuffed off already so my
suggestion is if you're going to do the
rust-oleum roll on bed liner scuff it up
better than I did I mean really you
don't have to hit it hard but I scuffed
it through and what I should have
probably done was come back wash it all
down degree stick and then scuffed it
one more time just hitting it so you
make sure you get the spots and then
this is only to coat layer I need to
come back and do a third coat layer and
that would probably seal this up enough
to prevent most of these little
scratches and pieces coming off so that
was a step number whatever for the
Silverado the next thing will be a
camper shell I'm working on I'll show
you that in a next video probably oh
yeah the cameraman pointed out this
truck had a bent and damaged tailgate
that tailgate under-bed tire hanger so I
had another there with a hacksaw and
waxed it all out got it out from under
there and I bought from lMC Truck at
Edna bed mount for the spare tire so
l-shaped piece of metal a bolts to the
bottom of the bed and also to the side
rail so you run your bolts through
tighten them down and then it has of
course the anchor bolt that goes in and
this piece of steel and lug here to lock
on the
so that was an added feature I wanted
the bed the tire in the bed because of
the damage to tire hanger underneath
plus I got a nice bumper I'm going to
put on the back of it and I like the
idea is still being able to see the axle
and stuff underneath I'm going to the
axles in good shape I've had some work
done to it so I'm going to get under
there and I'm going to coat it with a
satin finish coat and seal it up I might
put a I might paint the differential I
don't know I may just leave all black
but since there's axle work done both
bearings replaced on both sides all the
fluids been changed and the differential
cover gaskets been replaced I thought
it'd be a good time to go ahead and
recoat the rear axle just to make it
look better so I wanted to tire up here
so that once the bumpers on it kind of
gives that truck of that distinctive
look of being able to see the rear axle
but yet the bumper hiding the frame
structure so that's what I've done with
this and the next video which I'm
working on is a camper shell for this
vehicle I'll show you what I've done to
it and the steps taken and then what
we'll do is we'll videotape as we go
through some of the procedures that we
haven't done yet later folks